Add Dune API (#1678)
public-apis/public-apis: README.md

| [Breaking Bad Quotes](https://github.com/shevabam/breaking-bad-quotes) | Some Breaking Bad quotes | No | Yes | Unknown |
| [Czech Television](http://www.ceskatelevize.cz/xml/tv-program/) | TV programme of Czech TV | No | No | Unknown |
| [Dailymotion](https://developer.dailymotion.com/) | Dailymotion Developer API | `OAuth` | Yes | Unknown |

> | [Dune API](https://github.com/ywalia01/dune-api) | The Dune API | No | Yes | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Dune](https://github.com/ywalia01/dune-api) | A simple API which provides you with book, character, movie and quotes JSON data | No | Yes | Yes |
```
Remove the `API` string from the title and improve the description to show more information, please.
